In His Word, Jehovah has promised to bring peace to His loyal servants.
As we have learned, that peace is more than the absence of conflict.
It involves our overall well-being, including our health and security.
God's heart-warming promises feel us with appreciation and hope.
In the Bible book of the 145th Psalm, it tells us in verses 15 and 16,
all eyes look hopefully to you.
You give them their food in a season.
You open your hand and satisfy the desire of every living thing.
In this symposium we will consider the past, present, and future fulfillment of several
Bible prophecies of peace that are found in the book of Isaiah.
Jehovah promises to provide an abundance of both literal food and spiritual food.
When the Israelites loyally served Jehovah, they experienced the blessings foretold at
Isaiah 4910.
Today, Jehovah's servants are experiencing the fulfillment of Isaiah 65 verses 13-14.
There you'll find it to say, therefore this is what the sovereign Lord Jehovah says.
Look, my servants will eat, but you will go hungry.
Look, my servants will drink, but you will go thirsty.
Look, my servants will rejoice, but you will suffer shame.
Look, my servants will shout joyfully because of the good condition of the heart, but you
will cry out because of the pain of heart, and you will wail because of a broken spirit.
Although we may, at times, experience literal hunger, we enjoy an abundance of satisfying
spiritual food.
In the future, Jehovah will completely eliminate literal hunger.
As you watch the following video, think about the blessings we enjoy now, and the ones
we will enjoy in the future.
Through Isaiah, Jehovah promised to feed his servants physically and spiritually.
Today, Jehovah invites us to a banquet that is spiritually nourishing.
Bible-based videos and publications draw us close to God and satisfy our hunger for truth.
In the New World, abundant healthy food will be more than a promise.
It will be a reality.
There will be an abundance of grain on the earth.
On the top of the mountains, it will overflow.
What a blessing it is to be among Jehovah's people.
Spiritual provisions flow to us like an ever-broadening and ever-deepening river.
There is not a grain of salt missing.
Not a slice of bread or a patabutter.
There is way too much to eat at one meal.
We have to come to Jehovah's table several times a week to keep our spiritual fiber
intact and energy strong for the work we engage in, the kingdom preaching.
We have an abundance of nourishing food, Bible-based publications, recordings and videos, meetings
and conventions.
Website material.
Jehovah has not deviated from his promise.
Note this one, Psalm 72-16.
There will be an abundance of grain on the earth.
On the top of the mountains, it will overflow.
His fruit will flourish as in Lebanon, and in the city's people will blossom like the
vegetation of the earth.
Then again, Isaiah 30, verse 23.
And he will give the rain for the seed you sow in the ground.
And the bread that the ground produces will be abundant and rich.
In that day, your livestock will graze in spacious pastures.
Jehovah has placed everything we need on the table.
We must willfully come to the table and sit down and eat.
He doesn't make us come, like some mothers may have to demand a reluctant child to come
to the house from plain and eat a meal.
Be sure to thank Jehovah for the spiritual food he provides.
Psalm 100, verses 2 and 3, reminds us,
served Jehovah with rejoicing, coming to his presence with joyful shouting.
Know that Jehovah is God.
He is the one who made us, and we belong to him.
We are his people and the sheep of his pasture.
Show your appreciation, how, by studying diligently, and applying what you learn.
If you lack sufficient material things now, take delight in meditating on future kingdom
blessings.
Jehovah will surely fulfill his promises just as he has always done.
Isaiah 55, 10 and 11, remind us.
For just as the rain and the snow pour down from heaven, and do not return there until
they saturate the earth, making it produce and sprout, giving seed to the sore and bread
to the eater.
So my word that goes out of my mouth will be, it will not return to me without resolve,
but it will certainly accomplish whatever is my delight.
And it will have sure success in what I send it to do.
Brother Ronald Curson, a helper to the teaching committee, will now present the next talk
of this symposium.
Take delight in God's promises of peace.
They will build houses and plant vineyards.